Update secrets backend procedure- AWS Paramstore (#3273)
astronomer/docs: astro/secrets-backend/aws-paramstore.md

## Step 2: Set up Parameter Store locally

In this step, you add two environment variables that define the type of secrets backend you want Airflow to use and the configuration values to connect Airflow to that secrets backend.

- `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND` defines the type of secrets backend you want to use and the Airflow provider package required to use it.
- `AIRFLOW_SECRETS_BACKEND_KWARGS` specifies the values needed for Airflow to connect to your secrets backend tool.

1. Add the following environment variables to your Astro project's Dockerfile:

    ```dockerfile
    ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND="airflow.providers.amazon.aws.secrets.systems_manager.SystemsManagerParameterStoreBackend"
    ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "/airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "/airflow/variables"}'
    ```

    :::tip

>     You can also choose to add the configuration variables to your `.env` file instead of your Dockerfile. Instead of using the variable format, `ENV <environment-variable-name>`, you just declare `<environment-variable-name>`. For example, instead of `ENV AIRFLOW_SECRETS_BACKEND`, you use `AIRFLOW_SECRETS_BACKEND`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to more easily swap out secrets backends configurations on Astro, you can add these variables to your `.env` file instead of your Dockerfile. If you do this alternate setup, you must change `ENV <environment-variable-name>` in the code block above to `<environment-variable-name>` And remove the quotations surrounding the value. For example, you would add the following to your `.env` to define `AIRFLOW_SECRETS_BACKEND`:
    
    ```text 
 
 
 AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND=airflow.providers.amazon.aws.secrets.systems_manager.SystemsManagerParameterStoreBackend
     ```

    Then, when you deploy to Astro, you [export these variables to a Deployment as environment variables](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-env-vars#manage-environment-variables-locally). Anyone with Workspace Operator permissions can then change out your Deployment secrets backend configuration without having to redeploy your project. 
```
Tried to add more "Why" for this alternative setup, and mentioned the other annoying change between formats. TBH this seems like a good use case for https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/#details

Reviewer: (also GH messed up the preview formatting sorry about that)

```dockerfile
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "/airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "/airflow/variables", "role_arn": "arn:aws:iam::############:role/Airflow_ParameterStoreRole"}'
```

## Step 4: Add AWS access credentials

After defining the secrets backend and the arguments required for Airflow to use it, you need to authorize your local Deployment to access it.

1. Retrieve the following values from [AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html):

    - Access Key ID for your `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
    - The secret value for your access key `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
    - The [default region](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/accounts/latest/reference/manage-acct-regions.html) to use for your secrets backend for `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION`

2. Add your secrets backend access credentials to your Astro project's Dockerfile:

    ```dockerfile
    ENV AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=$AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
    ENV AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=$AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
    ENV AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=$AWS_REGION
    ```

> ## Step 5: Deploy environment variables to Astro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 5: Deploy to Astro
```
Because we're not using environment variables in the core setup anymore, we need to update this setup to just be `astro deploy`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An AWS access key for an identity that has the required permissions to interact with Parameter Store from Airflow. If you're using IAM roles, this access key should be for the identity that owns the IAM role.

```

Reviewer 2: I think we should say AWS IAM Credentials which means AWS Access Key ID and AWS Access Key Secret; And, this is only required if we are going to test from local; because for Astro, we recommend using roles.

## Step 1: Create Airflow secrets directories in Parameter Store

1. Create directories for Airflow variables and connections in Parameter Store that you want to store as secrets. For instructions, see the [AWS Systems Manager Console](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/parameter-create-console.html), the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/param-create-cli.html), or the [Tools for Windows PowerShell](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/param-create-ps.html) documentation.

Store your variables in `/airflow/variables` and connections in `/airflow/connections`. For example, if you're setting a secret variable with the key `my_secret`, store it in the `/airflow/connections/` directory. If you modify the directory paths, make sure you change the values for `variables_prefix` and `connections_prefix` when you set up Paramater Store locally in Step 2.

## Step 2: Set up Parameter Store locally

> In this step, you add two environment variables that define the type of Secrets backend you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step, you add two environment variables that grant Airflow access to your secrets backend.
```

Reviewer 2: I am inclining towards using a combination of both the statements, because that is what these vars are doing. Something like " ... that define the type of secrets backend Airflow will use and the configuration values to connect to that secrets backend". It is not "grant" access, because "grant" is taken care by the role or the credentials passed.

> - `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND` defines the type of Secrets Backend you want to use and the Airflow provider package required to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND` defines the type of secrets backend you want to use and the Airflow provider package required to use it.
```

> - `AIRFLOW_SECRETS_BACKEND_KWARGS` defines the arguments needed for Airflow to initiate with your secrets backend tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `AIRFLOW_SECRETS_BACKEND_KWARGS` specifies the values needed for Airflow to connect to your secrets backend tool.
```

1. Add the following environment variables to your Astro project's `.env` file:

    ```text

>     ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND="airflow.providers.amazon.aws.secrets.systems_manager.SystemsManagerParameterStoreBackend"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND=airflow.providers.amazon.aws.secrets.systems_manager.SystemsManagerParameterStoreBackend
```

Reviewer: The GH suggestion on this one is wilding out for some reason, the only suggestion here is to just remove `env`/ quotes and keep all other formatting/ spacing the same.

Reviewer: We have to be quite careful with formatting here, I think the variables in the ZD article are based on defining them in Dockerfile rather than .env

>     ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "/airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "/airflow/variables"}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS={"connections_prefix": "/airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "/airflow/variables"}
```

    ```

2. (Optional) Run a DAG locally  using `Variable.get("<your-variable-key>")` to check that your variables are accessible.

::: tip Assign an access role to Airflow

> You can [define the role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_request.html#api_assumerole) that Airflow has to read, write, and delete secrets in your secrets backend by including `role_arn` when you define backend kwargs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you manage permissions using [roles](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_request.html#api_assumerole), you can specify a role that Airflow assumes to read, write, and delete secrets in your secrets backend. Specify the role's ARN using `role_arn` in `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS` as shown in the following example:
```

```text

> ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "/airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "/airflow/variables", "role_arn": "arn:aws:iam::############:role/Airflow_ParameterStoreRole"}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS={"connections_prefix": "/airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "/airflow/variables", "role_arn": "arn:aws:iam::############:role/Airflow_ParameterStoreRole"}'
```

```

:::

## Step 3: Add AWS access credentials

After defining the secrets backend and the arguments required for Airflow to use it, you need to authorize your Deployment to access it.

> 1. Retrieve the following access credentials that your Deployment needs to access the secrets backend from [AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Retrieve the following values from [AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html):
```

>     - `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`

Reviewer: Is this the format you'll be looking for in AWS to find these values? We should use just the plain text formatting if not

    - `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
    - `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION`

2. Add your secrets backend access credentials to your Astro project's `.env` file:

    ```text

>     ENV AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=$AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
>     ENV AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=$AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
>     ENV AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=$AWS_REGION

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<your-aws-access-key-id>
    AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<your-aws-secret-access-key>
    AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=<your-aws-region>
```

Reviewer 2: I am little worried about specifying the credentials in the `.env` file, for the following reasons :
- we should clarify that `.env` should not be committed to source control and should be part of `.gitignore` 
- If this same Astro project needs to be deployed to Astro Deployment, then how will the deployment read the `.env` variables ? Then we need to move them to the `Dockerfile` or to the Cloud UI
- In our [Authenticate to Cloud Services](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/authenticate-to-clouds) doc, we are suggesting a diff way to access from local, (which is actually diff from what I recommend)

please let me know if you want to chat @lzdanski :)

    $ astro deployment variable create --deployment-id <your-deployment-id> AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "airflow/variables",  "role_arn": "<your-role-arn>", "region_name": "<your-region>"}' --secret
    ```

> 2. (Optional) Remove the environment variables from your `.env` file or store your `.env` file in a safe location, where you won't accidentally push to protect your credentials in `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS`.

Reviewer 2: So, I would recommend here to change this from an `Optional` step to a `Required` one and include the `.env` in `.gitignore`. Alternatively, you can suggest to remove. Also, in this page, we have not covered anything that puts secrets in the KWARGS, so might be confusing for a user why we are saying "to protect your credentials" ?

    $ astro deployment variable create --deployment-id <your-deployment-id> AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "airflow/variables",  "role_arn": "<your-role-arn>", "region_name": "<your-region>"}' --secret
    ```

> 2. Remove the environment variables from your Dockerfile or store your Dockerfile in a safe location, where you won't accidentally push to protect your credentials in `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning

To avoid exposing credentials for your secrets backend, Astronomer recommends storing the value of `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS` as a secret in the repository where you maintain your Astro project.

:::
```

Reviewer: Not quite sure whether this is the best practice or not, but I don't think we can tell users to delete the variable from Dockerfile - if they deploy without the variable, it will erase their secrets backend config from the Deployment. WDYT @manmeetkaur
